Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going. Sam Levenson
As long as you keep going, you'll keep getting better. And as you get better, you gain more confidence. That alone is success. Tamara Taylor
If you're going through hell, keep going. Winston Churchill
You just gotta keep going and fighting for everything, and one day you'll get to where you want. - Naomi Osaka
Just keep going. You never know how far you can go. Gunna
Everyone goes down a road that they're not supposed to go down. You can do two things from it. You can keep going down that road and go to a dark place. Or you can turn and go up the hill and go to the top - try to go to the top. Julian Edelman
In life, you have got to make the best of every situation; you have to keep going. John Daly
You can't stop getting older; you just have to keep going and laugh a lot. Anita Dobson
Always believe in yourself and keep going. You don't have to have the most talent in the world. You don't have to be the smartest person in the world. If you persist and you persist and you persist, you will be successful. Dean Cain
Fantasy has a dark side to it. It also has a light hemisphere - the power of the human imagination to keep going, to imagine a better tomorrow. Tim O'Brien
I'm just trying to stay within myself every day and keep going. Cody Bellinger
If I fall, I'll take the fall and get up and keep going. Mirai Nagasu
I always tell my kids if you lay down, people will step over you. But if you keep scrambling, if you keep going, someone will always, always give you a hand. Always. But you gotta keep dancing, you gotta keep your feet moving. Morgan Freeman
I've never been particularly aware of my age. It's like being on a bicycle - I just put my foot down and keep going. Angela Lansbury
We shall never have more time. We have, and always had, all the time there is. No object is served in waiting until next week or even until tomorrow. Keep going... Concentrate on something useful. Arnold Bennett
People who race bikes don't talk about crashes. They keep going. Guy Martin
Determination gives you the resolve to keep going in spite of the roadblocks that lay before you. Denis Waitley
Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, dig deep within yourself to conquer fears. Never let anyone bring you down. You got to keep going. Chantal Sutherland
You simply have to put one foot in front of the other and keep going. Put blinders on and plow right ahead. George Lucas
Keep going and keep believing and do what makes you feel good. And when you feel good and get to the point where no-one can take that from you, then that feeling will the best feeling. Nikkie Tutorials
You have to keep going and pursue your dreams. Joey King
Things aren't always easy, but you just have to keep going and don't let the small stuff bog you down. Stella Maeve
Don't listen to what anybody says except the people who encourage you. If it's what you want to do and it's within yourself, then keep going and try to do it for the rest of your life. Jake Gyllenhaal
I'm not going to get somewhere and say, 'OK, I'm done.' Success is never final; I'll just keep on going. The same way as failure never being fatal. Just keep going. I'm going to the stars and then past them. Conor McGregor
That inner voice has both gentleness and clarity. So to get to authenticity, you really keep going down to the bone, to the honesty, and the inevitability of something. Meredith Monk
All I'm trying to do is to keep going and keep evolving. Juliana Hatfield
The best advice I ever got - and it's the best advice I'd give anybody - is just don't believe the word 'no.' Be persistent. Persevere. Keep going. Never, ever, ever give up. Dean Cain
It is the combination of reasonable talent and the ability to keep going in the face of defeat that leads to success. Martin Seligman
Take everything you can from what people say. Keep going and stick to your instincts. And what your soul tells you to do, use that. Jon Pardi
What winning is to me is not giving up, is no matter what's thrown at me, I can take it. And I can keep going. Patrick Swayze
People can say what they want about me. But I've got a big heart and will keep going. Tyson Fury
I want to be the best, but it comes with a lot of work. And it can be pressure if you put it on yourself in that way. But if I keep going the way I'm going, and with the good Lord guiding me the way he's been guiding me, and the way I let him take control of my life, the sky is the limit. Ed Reed
Also, stick around. Don't lose your heart, just keep going, keep at it. Mark Ruffalo
I always feel like I have to keep going. You can sit back and say, 'Maybe I can stop.' But then you're yesterday, and I love tomorrow. Ralph Lauren
There's nothing I can really do but keep going out there and swinging. Freddie Freeman
A dancer's career is short - you just keep going until your legs pack up. Anton du Beke